#Tips for the loading screen
#Thanks to 0lafe, boubou19, chochem, interestingusernam3, glowredman, GTNH-Afx237v7, leagris, LewisSaber, Nvidiot, Regian24, richardhendricks, yukieiji and others for tip suggestions
#
#Maximal characters for a tip: 77 (more can go out of the screen)
#The line below, including the "#" are 77 chars
#Adventurer's backpack? Did you mean integrated crafting grid, bed and fluid
#
Infinite water sources are disabled
Got a question? Join our Discord server: discord.com/invite/EXshrPV
Don't give ideas to 0lafe
Don't feed your machines after midnight!
Make sure you have installed a backup mod
Material tiers play a role when breaking pipes
If a machine catches fire, it can explode
Adding water to an empty but hot Boiler will make a loud bang!
Avoid eldritch obelisks!
You can bind the quests menu to a key, instead of using the book
Pam's gardens can be picked up with right-click
Placing a garden makes it spread
Water gardens grow on water
Battlegear slots are convenient for holding weapons
Taking lava without gloves hurts!
Watch out, food loses saturation
Loot Games give helpful rewards
Using too many translocators can cause TPS lag
Be sure to check out what you can do with Mouse Tweaks
Protect your machines on all sides from rain!
Build multiblocks within the same chunk!
You will lose your first piece of aluminium dust in the EBF
Shift-right-clicking with a wrench on a fluid pipe makes it output-only
The Bending Machine makes plates more efficiently
Multiblocks can share walls
You can't use the front side of machines
Disable a machine with a Soft Mallet if it can not finish a recipe
Forestry Worktables are a must!
Try the Midnight Theme for the questbook
Try the Realistic Sky resourcepack
Literally flint and steel!
Tinker's tools can levelup: more modifiers and mining level bonus!
Farm Glowflowers for glowstone
Making steel armour? Check out the Composite Chestplate
Adventurer's backpack: integrated crafting grid, bed and fluid storage
Beware of cable power loss!
Machines that get a higher Voltage than they can handle go BOOM!
Loss on uninsulated cables is twice as big as on insulated ones
Power requirements are based solely on the recipes
A machine draws electricity from its internal buffer first
Tinker's faucets can pour fluids and also gasses(!) into containers
Beware of pollution!
Found a bug? Report it on GitHub
Tinker's smeltery does not double ores
Be sure to check out the wiki: gtnh.miraheze.org
Perditio and vanadiumsteel picks and hammers are really fast
Look for ore chunks
Nerfs incoming!
You can plant oreberries on cropsticks
IC2 Crops can receive bonus environmental statistics based on biome
Weeds spread to empty crop sticks and destroy other crops
Use Machine Hulls or Transvector Interfaces to ease machine access
Steam in pipes or coming out of machines hurts!
You can apply Fortune to brittle charcoal if using the Charcoal Pile Igniter
Pay attention to Voltage and Amperage of cables and machines!
Warp is no fun, got a wither in your base already?
There are fifteen Voltage tiers: from ULV(8V) to MAX(2147483647V)
Going one Voltage tier up, means quadrupling Voltage requirements
Ten first Voltage tiers are fully implemented
Shift-click with a GT-Block on a cable/pipe/etc to auto-connect it
Read the quest book, it explains many mechanics
You can bookmark items with NEI ("a" by default)
It's NEI, not JEI. Use it frequently.
Your pick is not ready
Put the "Mine" back in Minecraft
This pack is pushing my mental capacity - thcv
Noooooooooooooooo! (after cleanroom explosion) - moronwmachinegun
If it's not too costly - tsutaaja
Idiots! Do not upgrade your backpack with important stuff inside! - DreamMasterXXL
It's already quite the list of errands - Chaotick
F*ck this mod is complicated - LogicFalls
Blood, sweat, and tiers - Codewarrior0
No more making any of this irritating sh*t - Chewy
It's never enough - moronwmachinegun
this game wants so much stuff... - Mondfaust
GTNH is basically pain for win - K1ngMX
RNGesus hates you. - Pao
This modpack makes me unhappy. But it's the good kind of unhappy. - LogicFalls
GTNH you never fail to frustrate, but i love you all the same - Elusive Ent
I've jabbed my screwdriver and my fist into it every way I can think of. - Axiflare
Useless coins that are actually useful. - Scribit
If a fluid cell doesn't work, try using a fluid canner
Use /xu_tps to see if the server's lagging. 20 TPS is normal!
Use an elevator to get in your Cleanroom, so you won't lose cleanliness!
If you aren't lucky enough, try enchanting your lootbags with Fortune III!
You can't enter the Twilight Forest without a Quick And Dirty Portal Generator
Press T while hovering on an item in NEI to see where it is in your world.
Using a Circuit Assembler will make circuits cheaper!
Using a Cleanroom will make circuits even cheaper!
GT stands for Grind and Tedium
Don't go out at night! Mobs can have up to 300 HP
Steam is hot! It will burn Wooden Fluid Pipes
Don't break rubber trees without a treetap
Make Muffler Moint Mup (Point up)
Your EBF won't work if the muffler doesn't point to the sky!
Eating too many of the same food will make you hate it!
Remember to check if there are Natura clouds when you launch a rocket!
Abandon all vanilla knowledge all ye who enter here
With the power of Duct Tape, I solved all of your maintenance problems!
When you open a Twilight Portal, you'll get hit by lightning
#Sometimes it's better to flee than fight some mobs
Sometimes the best combat strategy is "Run away!"
You can power machines by putting batteries in their energy slots
You can charge your jetpack by putting it in the Energy slot of LV machines
Be prepared to take hours to craft a single machine!
Oil + Thunder = Fire. Remember to put cobblestone over your oil wells!
Nuclear Reactor configs give 10x the energy they give in IC2!
Remember to plant cotton - you'll need a ton of it
It's aluminIum, not aluminum
#Sometimes it's better to buy than to craft
Many ingots can only be smelted in the Electric Blast Furnace
Use F7 to see spots where mobs can spawn!
Use F9 to see chunk borders!
Need seed oil for Forestry? Plant some peanuts
Microcrafting is love, microcrafting is life
Meta-Tip! You can see the list of loading screen tips in the config
Hahahaha, coin quests go brrrrrrr
If you're making a Project Red system, make sure to use a wall of drawers!
How many circuits have you crafted in your life?
JOURNEYMAP: PRESS[j]
Not by Vazkii
sqrt(-1) loves you!
(MultiMC > Curse) && (Technic > Curse): true
All you had to do was tho follow the damn quest line, CJ!
Click on an item in the quest book to show its recipe in NEI
Why not visit GregTech? We have... microcrafting
Cables are | || || |_ y
Varying foods gives hearts!
You can change InGame Info XML scale in ingame configs
Look for sulfur in the Nether
Game mechanics datasheet: bit.ly/gtnh-datasheets
If it's too tedious you're doing it wrong
Do you also watch your oven while baking food?
There's always something else you can do while waiting
Use F3 + S to reload the sound if it's gone
Life's all about opening issues, not closing them - Rongmario
Batteries can be charged and discharged in the same slot
3D-printed Lave 12 is the future - Sampsa
Don't hold machines in your hotbar when playing with cables
Was making HV connection. Missclicked and placed MV engraver - LewisSaber
Destroyed once a Tier 1 rocket by accidentally pressing shift - Regian
Visit r/feedthememes!
I WANT ROCKET I WANT MOON - St4o
Shift + Right Click on a GregTech Cover to open the menu
Looking for Infused Stones? Try putting Amber in an Ore Finder Wand
Remove plates from machines using a crowbar
To divide items with a ratio, use the Distributor. Configure with a screwdriver
Stay one tier ahead of DreamMasterXXL!
You can power machines by putting redstone in their energy slots
UwU
HV to MV, yes - Threefold
Daddy Kitten has no power over staff - boubou_19
Try downloading more RAM
Try downloading more WAM
The Item Dislocator is available sooner than you might think!
